Document command to seed data (#5)
fytinnovations/oc-careers: getting-started/installation.md

php artisan plugin:install rainlab.translate
php artisan plugin:install fytinnovations.careers
```
### Seeding sample data

> After installation is complete, you may seed sample-data to test how the plugin works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the installation is complete, you may want to seed sample data in order to test how the plugin works.
```

```bash 
php artisan careers:seed-sample-data
```
You can also use the --force (-f) option which will run the command forcefully without any questions.

```bash 
php artisan careers:seed-sample-data --force
```

> If you want to switch back to original state using the plugin:refresh command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to switch back to original state use the command
```
